this is talking the reverse order I
guess the price number 3 goes to the
many time sure sure we thought is a
really cool very useful app has a lot of
ways as you mentioned the excited and
you know it's a pretty like teacher
whole sum over 12 hours of packing so
congratulations great job what's the you
have a concept yeah place is so the
price number two goes to the only the
reasoning there is penguins
it's like it's really good application
right out of box can be used by like
many people and seems like with some
polishing pretty much like up and ready
and in first place yeah that hacked it
was just like it's really amazing like
really happy like a really cool use a
lot of like cool technology and it was
really cool the way you sort of explain
the iteration as you were trying out
different solutions and that prize goes
to optical alright awesome guys thank
you so much see the big boss man